README.md, before:

Antlers
=======

## Synopsis

A blogging platform built using ExpressJS (http://expressjs.com/) and NodeJS (http://nodejs.org).

## Installation

1. Download and extract the files
2. Enter directory from Node command/terminal
3. Issue command: ```npm install```
4. Start with: ```node app.js```
5. Access the application using:  ```http://localhost:3000```

## Demo

See it in action here: http://mrvautin.com/Antlers

## Admin

You can enter the admin panel of your newly created blog by visiting the following URL in your browser:
http://localhost:3000/admin. The default user login is: test@test.com and password is: password1. After logging in, you can change the email (username) and password using the "Users" menu.

## License

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) [2014] [Mark Moffat]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

v1.0.0.1 is here!
- Initial setup has been reworked. Auto detection of new blog install and setup splash screen shown.
- Admin design has been reworked again to work on smaller devices
- New "users" menu allows administrators to create new users and assign "Admin" or "User" role.
- New "media" section which allows uploading of images and other files to be used in posts
- New "navigation" menu which adds a list menu to any page
- Numerous bug fixes and design enhancements

README.md, after:

Antlers
=======

## Synopsis

A blogging platform built using ExpressJS (http://expressjs.com/) and NodeJS (http://nodejs.org).

## Installation

1. Download and extract the files
2. Enter directory from Node command/terminal
3. Issue command: ```npm install```
4. Start with: ```node app.js```
5. Access the application using:  ```http://localhost:3000```

## Demo

See it in action here: http://antlersblog.net

## Admin

You can enter the admin panel of your newly created blog by visiting the following URL in your browser:
http://localhost:3000/admin.

## Documentation

All documentation can be found on the Antlers blog website: http://antlersblog.net

## License

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) [2014] [Mark Moffat]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
